update to keys metadata caching and key validation (#1219)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity-platform/signing-key-rollover.md

* Use the caching algorithm below to ensure the caching is resilient and secure

### Keys metadata caching algorithm:
Our [standard libraries](reference-v2-libraries.md) implement resilient and secure caching of keys. It’s recommended to use them to avoid subtle defects in the implementation. For custom implementations, this is the rough algorithm:

#### General considerations:
* The service validating tokens should have a cache capable of storing many distinct keys (10-1000). 
* The keys should be cached individually, using the key id (“kid” in the OIDC keys metadata specification) as a cache key.
* The time-to-live of keys in the cache should be configured to 24 hours, with refreshes happening every hour. This makes sure the system can respond quickly to keys being removed, but has enough cache duration to not be affected by problems in fetching keys. 
* The keys should be refreshed:
  * Once on process startup or when cache is empty
  * Periodically (recommended every 1 hour) as a background job 

>   * Dynamically if a token is received that has an unknown key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Dynamically if a received token was signed with an unknown key (unknown **kid** or **tid** in the header)
```

#### KeyRefresh procedure (pseudo code):
This procedure uses a global (lastSuccessfulRefreshTime timestamp) to prevent conditions that refresh keys too often.
* [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](v2-protocols-oidc.md)
```csharp
  if (lastSuccessfulRefreshTime is set and more recent than 5 minutes ago) 
    return // without refreshing

  // Load keys URL using the, see OpenID Connect (OIDC)
  // Fetch the list of keys from the tenant-specific keys URL discovered above

  foreach(key in the list) {
    if (key id (kid) exists in cache) // cache[tid][kid]
      set TTL = now+24h
    else 
      add key to the cache with TTL = now + 24h
  }
  set lastSuccessfulRefreshTime to now (current timestamp)
```

#### Service Startup procedure:
* KeyRefresh to update the keys
* Launch a background job which will call KeyRefresh every 1h

### TokenValidation procedure for validating the key (pseudo code):
```csharp
  Get token from input request (input token)

>   Get key id from input token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get key id from input token (**kid** / **tid** header claim for JWT)
```
